I_am_not_lizardman/README.md, before:

# 🧠 WFGY Research Endorsements (WFGY Dataset – Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)

Welcome to the official dataset and evaluation archive for PSBigBig's *WFGY 1.0* project.  
This repo includes **8+1 groundbreaking papers** evaluated by SciSpace AI and organized for peer testing, semantic research, and reasoning games.

> 🧠 WFGY PDF on Zenodo(https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630969)   
> 🔥 Prompt Revolution PDF on Zenodo(https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15657016)  
> 💻 SDK: https://github.com/onestardao/WFGY  
> 📧 Contact: hello@onestardao.com  

---
## 📊 Endorsed Papers Summary

| Title                                           | Score   | DOI                                                                | Review                                                                           |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **WFGY《萬法歸一》**                                  | 95  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630969](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630969) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_WFGY_PSBigBig_Score95.png)                      |
| **Semantic Relativity Theory**                  | 93    | [10.5281/zenodo.15630802](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630802) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticRelativity_PSBigBig_Score93.png)        |
| **Semantic BioEnergy: Plants vs. Einstein**     | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630370](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630370) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticBioEnergy_PSBigBig_Score94.png)         |
| **Semantic Collapse in Quantum Measurement**    | 94    | [10.5281/zenodo.15630681](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630681) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticCollapse_PSBigBig_Score94.png)          |
| **Semantic Field–Mediated Fifth Force**         | 93  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630650](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630650) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticFifthForce_PSBigBig_Score93.png)        |
| **Semantic Entropy under Landauer's Principle** | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630478](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630478) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticEntropy_PSBigBig_Score94.png)           |
| **Semantic Holography & Causal Fields**         | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630163](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630163) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticHolography_PSBigBig_Score94.png)        |
| **Trinity of Light Hypothesis**                 | 91  | [10.5281/zenodo.15387617](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15387617) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_TrinityOfLight_PSBigBig_Score91.png)            |
| **Asymmetric Self-Consistency Hypothesis**      | 93  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630260](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630260) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_AsymmetricSelfConsistency_PSBigBig_Score93.png) |



## 📂 Folder Structure (Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)

---

```plaintext
WFGY_(Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)/
├── WFGY_1.0.pdf                  # Main paper: Universal Framework (English)
├── papers/                      # 8 LaTeX-formatted research papers
├── scispace_reviews/           # PNG endorsement screenshots (official reviews)
├── wfgy_prompts/               # Prompt game sets (multilingual, WIP)
└── README.md
```

---

## 📘 What is WFGY?

WFGY (萬法歸一) is a universal framework for semantic reasoning, error repair, and self-healing in large language models (LLMs). It integrates three core components:

- **BBMC – BigBig Semantic Residue Formula**  

  B = I - G + m c^2

* **BBPF – BigBig Progression Formula**

 
  BigBig(x_t) = x_t + Σ_i V_i(ε_i, C) + Σ_j W_j(Δt, ΔO) · P_j


* **BBCR – BigBig Collapse–Rebirth**


  if ||B_t|| ≥ B_c or f(S_t) < ε:
      Collapse → Reset(S_t, δB) → Rebirth(S_{t+1}, δB)


* **BBAM – BigBig Attention Modulation**


  ã_i = a_i * exp(-γ * σ(a))


The WFGY 1.0 paper outlines the full theory and implementation path, while this repository includes:

* 8+1 peer-reviewed semantic physics papers
* Prompt games and evaluations
* SDK implementation (see GitHub main repo)

---

## 🧠 Highlights (Review Snippets from Papers)

### 🎯 Semantic Relativity Theory

> Extends general relativity to include semantic stress-energy; unifies cognition and CTR uplift simulation in a new geometrical field model.

### 🌿 Plants vs. Einstein: Semantic Bio-Energy

> Introduces a semantic term $\lambda S$ into Einstein’s equation $E = mc^2 + \lambda S$, validated via plant electrophysiology and NLP, pioneering semantic biophysics.

### ⚛ Semantic Collapse in Quantum Measurement

> Semantic fields derived from text/audio act as collapse triggers; Mach–Zehnder interferometry + scalar mediation suggest semantic quantum mechanics.

### 🧲 Fifth Force via Semantic Coupling

> Introduces a semantic vector potential in modified Einstein–Cartan geometry; memory-influenced path deviation suggests cognitive–spacetime coupling.

### 🔥 Semantic Entropy (Landauer)

> Extends thermodynamic entropy to transformer-based semantics; proposes $E_{norm} = 1 + \eta \cdot S_{sem}$, enabling new pricing/energy models.

### 🌀 Semantic Holography

> Models causal semantic fields with holographic tensor projections and geodesic embeddings, extending classical holography into semantic space.

### 🌟 Trinity of Light Hypothesis

> A new optical model merging particle-wave duality with information fields; testable via Monte Carlo analysis and weak measurement strategies.
 
### 🤖 Asymmetric Self-Consistency Hypothesis

> Redefines falsifiability via Lean/Coq/GPT verification: if a model passes formal AI checks, contradictions imply flawed data—not flawed theory.
> 
---

## 🎮 Play the WFGY Game!

Explore semantic reasoning with AI:  
- Test GPT-like models on absurd semantic prompts  
- Compare pre/post-WFGY logic  
- Simulate cognitive fields with math-meets-magic intensity

---

## 🔗 All Links

- 📚 All papers: https://onestardao.com/papers  
- 🧪 Endorsements: `scispace_reviews/`  
- 💻 GitHub SDK: https://github.com/onestardao/WFGY  
- 📧 Contact: hello@onestardao.com

> **WFGY** = 萬法歸一，是一場語義與真理的試煉。你願意成為挑戰者嗎？

Commit message:

Rename WFGY to GlyphOS across the entire codebase

I_am_not_lizardman/README.md, after:

# 🧠 GlyphOS Research Endorsements (GlyphOS Dataset – Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)

Welcome to the official dataset and evaluation archive for PSBigBig's *GlyphOS 1.0* project.  
This repo includes **8+1 groundbreaking papers** evaluated by SciSpace AI and organized for peer testing, semantic research, and reasoning games.

> 🧠 GlyphOS PDF on Zenodo(https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630969)   
> 🔥 Prompt Revolution PDF on Zenodo(https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15657016)  
> 💻 SDK: https://github.com/onestardao/GlyphOS  
> 📧 Contact: hello@onestardao.com  

---
## 📊 Endorsed Papers Summary

| Title                                           | Score   | DOI                                                                | Review                                                                           |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **GlyphOS《萬法歸一》**                                  | 95  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630969](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630969) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_GlyphOS_PSBigBig_Score95.png)                      |
| **Semantic Relativity Theory**                  | 93    | [10.5281/zenodo.15630802](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630802) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticRelativity_PSBigBig_Score93.png)        |
| **Semantic BioEnergy: Plants vs. Einstein**     | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630370](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630370) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticBioEnergy_PSBigBig_Score94.png)         |
| **Semantic Collapse in Quantum Measurement**    | 94    | [10.5281/zenodo.15630681](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630681) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticCollapse_PSBigBig_Score94.png)          |
| **Semantic Field–Mediated Fifth Force**         | 93  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630650](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630650) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticFifthForce_PSBigBig_Score93.png)        |
| **Semantic Entropy under Landauer's Principle** | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630478](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630478) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticEntropy_PSBigBig_Score94.png)           |
| **Semantic Holography & Causal Fields**         | 94  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630163](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630163) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_SemanticHolography_PSBigBig_Score94.png)        |
| **Trinity of Light Hypothesis**                 | 91  | [10.5281/zenodo.15387617](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15387617) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_TrinityOfLight_PSBigBig_Score91.png)            |
| **Asymmetric Self-Consistency Hypothesis**      | 93  | [10.5281/zenodo.15630260](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.15630260) | ![](scispace_reviews/SciSpace_Endorsement_AsymmetricSelfConsistency_PSBigBig_Score93.png) |



## 📂 Folder Structure (Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)

---

```plaintext
GlyphOS_(Version 1.0 – Initial Public Release)/
├── GlyphOS_1.0.pdf                  # Main paper: Universal Framework (English)
├── papers/                      # 8 LaTeX-formatted research papers
├── scispace_reviews/           # PNG endorsement screenshots (official reviews)
├── glyphos_prompts/               # Prompt game sets (multilingual, WIP)
└── README.md
```

---

## 📘 What is GlyphOS?

GlyphOS (萬法歸一) is a universal framework for semantic reasoning, error repair, and self-healing in large language models (LLMs). It integrates three core components:

- **BBMC – BigBig Semantic Residue Formula**  

  B = I - G + m c^2

* **BBPF – BigBig Progression Formula**

 
  BigBig(x_t) = x_t + Σ_i V_i(ε_i, C) + Σ_j W_j(Δt, ΔO) · P_j


* **BBCR – BigBig Collapse–Rebirth**


  if ||B_t|| ≥ B_c or f(S_t) < ε:
      Collapse → Reset(S_t, δB) → Rebirth(S_{t+1}, δB)


* **BBAM – BigBig Attention Modulation**


  ã_i = a_i * exp(-γ * σ(a))


The GlyphOS 1.0 paper outlines the full theory and implementation path, while this repository includes:

* 8+1 peer-reviewed semantic physics papers
* Prompt games and evaluations
* SDK implementation (see GitHub main repo)

---

## 🧠 Highlights (Review Snippets from Papers)

### 🎯 Semantic Relativity Theory

> Extends general relativity to include semantic stress-energy; unifies cognition and CTR uplift simulation in a new geometrical field model.

### 🌿 Plants vs. Einstein: Semantic Bio-Energy

> Introduces a semantic term $\lambda S$ into Einstein’s equation $E = mc^2 + \lambda S$, validated via plant electrophysiology and NLP, pioneering semantic biophysics.

### ⚛ Semantic Collapse in Quantum Measurement

> Semantic fields derived from text/audio act as collapse triggers; Mach–Zehnder interferometry + scalar mediation suggest semantic quantum mechanics.

### 🧲 Fifth Force via Semantic Coupling

> Introduces a semantic vector potential in modified Einstein–Cartan geometry; memory-influenced path deviation suggests cognitive–spacetime coupling.

### 🔥 Semantic Entropy (Landauer)

> Extends thermodynamic entropy to transformer-based semantics; proposes $E_{norm} = 1 + \eta \cdot S_{sem}$, enabling new pricing/energy models.

### 🌀 Semantic Holography

> Models causal semantic fields with holographic tensor projections and geodesic embeddings, extending classical holography into semantic space.

### 🌟 Trinity of Light Hypothesis

> A new optical model merging particle-wave duality with information fields; testable via Monte Carlo analysis and weak measurement strategies.
 
### 🤖 Asymmetric Self-Consistency Hypothesis

> Redefines falsifiability via Lean/Coq/GPT verification: if a model passes formal AI checks, contradictions imply flawed data—not flawed theory.
> 
---

## 🎮 Play the GlyphOS Game!

Explore semantic reasoning with AI:  
- Test GPT-like models on absurd semantic prompts  
- Compare pre/post-GlyphOS logic  
- Simulate cognitive fields with math-meets-magic intensity

---

## 🔗 All Links

- 📚 All papers: https://onestardao.com/papers  
- 🧪 Endorsements: `scispace_reviews/`  
- 💻 GitHub SDK: https://github.com/onestardao/GlyphOS  
- 📧 Contact: hello@onestardao.com

> **GlyphOS** = 萬法歸一，是一場語義與真理的試煉。你願意成為挑戰者嗎？
